what's with the jeans yeah some other
and what have been the Kate Beckinsale
Beckinsale
no sale there's no Z in it okay what
happened to her she's anorexic she's
dead she died she doesn't eat I don't
know I really liked her though she's
British yeah yeah yeah do her accent
quickly for you left it now in my glove
that's it
you love it yeah I can't wait to see you
neither can my card
hmm that's that's what John Cusack that
movie yeah lovin my pussy the glove in
my pussy and then she's like I can fit
all five fingers of this glove in my
asshole
yeah guys also if you do your shopping
on Amazon I implore you to use our
banner that's my favorite issue without
them eyelashes on their makeup boy a
bitch where I'm still cute ooh shit get
the fuck out in here I might look a
little bit more chicken talking to you
talk don't get me fucked up bitch I'm
still hurt of shit and will fuck your
ass up okay you wanna fuck with my money
huh you wanna fuck with my life no
honest happening into she's okay
Vietnamese accident yeah yeah that's
what Angela Johnson yes yes she has
perfected that it's pretty good that
fans do that too oh not really a stretch
for him is that Tom cuz we've heard it a
lot at home easy one of those and Angela
actually perfected an accident that's
not native like you yeah well she
doesn't have the gift but she's good
that somebody wrote in asking you to do
a Cajun accent one long nail you wants
on nail you I know
it's so gross
that's why I say tell us every time so
we're the did you every time tell me a
little hit laugh to suck news I you're
really fired up I like it you like it
you think i'm saucy today you're spicy
yeah spicy it's awesome Bernays yeah
yeah he's in a really good mood though
he loves being a granddad I think this
has really changed him he's really happy
keeps talking about how good-looking the
kid is like 10 times when you left
yeah this is a good-looking kid he's
always like some babies so ugly
this baby's not ugly he's a really
good-looking kid he's a big boy and I go
yeah thank God you know it's like he's
you know makes you feel more comfortable
that he's getting sturdier and he's like
but also as a man you want your butt to
be big
yeah he goes yeah I go you know I think
we're gonna put Alice into sports when
he's a when he's a boy and he goes it's
a good idea maybe tennis tennis is good
money and Dennis I go what about soccer
suckers for poor people
I know Dan we're not gonna send him to
Brazil in a favela to play he's gonna
play you know in LA yeah
other kids Marshall I think he's getting
sponsored right oh yeah he's higher he's
not gonna make a living yeah I go what
about martial arts nah no money of
martial arts what is that money part - I
guess just like people with money okay I
got it yeah yeah
well then golf do I guess right we
should sign him up for golf so boring oh
my god I feel like we we did stumble in
you know what's interesting is that you
and I fall in love with like the first
part of clips yeah and then we just
completely forget to listen or pay
attention
yeah kind of like a Mayan when we
discovered her came I mean we were just
like enthralled with her we didn't even
realize she was giving an anal tutorial
and yeah and how crazy she was what is
also amazing to me I mean yeah yeah yeah
with long penis
oh we just didn't know we don't know
what Hitler's about yeah we like a
phrase and then we run with it like
idiots and then it could be something
horrible yeah so one of the what is also
amazed and I truly that's what she says
like she's convincing I truly was
satisfied I said I didn't think I could
be sounds like came a one-way ticket
from Thailand sounds like you're kind of
I was 15 years old I love when you do
her I come from Thailand do the
gentleman part Dan tamiya I was with two
gentlemen wait can you play it can you
you have it or I don't um yeah I mean no
ha ha babysit because she did the that's
the YouTube safe version yeah I like
that one better then on 65 man it's much
more hardcore bitch you ain't no mil is
that her I don't know just another cool
chick hung in my anything
stick your tongue in my asshole like but
I could see Hitler being like I enjoy
one direction like I could see him one
directions very entertaining it's five
white guys I don't even know if I
realize but I don't really see what sir
would you know their songs no I don't
know their songs but they're I know
they're immensely oh we can't play that
on this show anyways I don't know if you
remember not too long over the summer
actually Action Bronson talk made a kind
of a slight dig at ghost face and goes
put out of
video where he just eviscerated this guy
for a full fucking I don't know ten
minutes he just talked mad shit he's
like you got a big-ass beard one day I
might set that shit on fire yeah this is
my favorite line ever I might sit that
shit on fire and he he has his mean face
was like a fat kid
Ghostface made a new video but martin
says why are your goons not as hard as
mine he goes lift up your skirt
motherfucker
so already Ghostface wins the entire
thing